Kohn Reflection

  This article gave me a new way to think about grades. Grading is a very old and outdated practice that forces students to meet specific standards in order to succeed in class. I have had my own experences that have showed the flaws of grading. There have been a few times where I had a choice of a project that I could do: I could write a paper, or could make a piece of art to show my understanding of a book that we read in class. I am not at all a creative person, and it would be a challenge for me to make piece of art. So every time, because I knew it would ensure I would get the best possible grade on the project, I chose to write a paper about the book. It wasn't because I hate creating my own art, it does interest me, but it was becasue it was just much easier for me to write a paper that would live up to standards than an art piece.
  
  Had my teacher not practiced handing out letter grades on every single thing that we turned in, I may have been much more likely to choose to go the more challenging route. Because I would know that even if it was not as good as some other students, I would have the opportunity to talk to my teacher and explain why it was a challenge and that there was a lot of effort put into it.
  
  This is just one experience that I have had where the practice of giving grades was detrimental to me and my education. There are, however, some upsides to giving out grades. I feel that these are mainly only to save the teacher or professor time however, and any positives that there are to grading is highly outweighed by its negatives.
  
  Another reason I agree with Kohn here is from the point about testing. A large part of my experience with exams and standardized testing has been knowing exactly the things that I need to know for the test, and then taking the test and promptly forgetting a large part of the things I needed to know. Testing, in my experience, has discouraged meaningful learning in favor of cramming before the test and forgetting nearly everything after. It may seem lazy, but for me as well as many other students who have 5 or more classes, all with their own things that you need to know, this practice becomes the easiest and most efficient way to maximize your grade in every class. 
  
  Working toward a grade is the only thing that I have known for my whole life as a student. I do not have any other experience to compare grading to. But I have personally seen many of the downsides that grading has and only few positives. Alfie's article sums up these downsides very well. Grading has little place in today's world, and there are alternatives that could lead to more meaningful learning.
